W-20571702 fix rtf limited-kt (#1614)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/deploy-mule-app-anypoint-controller.adoc

== Scope and Limitations

Anypoint Controller works with these deployment targets, runtime versions, and installation methods:

* Runtime Fabric Mule application deployments

> * Mule runtime engine (Mule) versions 4.6 and higher. Note: Support is only available in patch versions released on or after xref:release-notes::runtime-fabric/runtime-fabric-runtimes-release-notes.adoc#november-7-2025[November 7, 2025]. Any patch version released prior to this date does not support Anypoint Controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Mule runtime engine (Mule) versions 4.6 and higher. Note: Support is only available in patch versions released on or after xref:release-notes::runtime-fabric/runtime-fabric-runtimes-release-notes.adoc#november-7-2025[November 7, 2025]. Any patch version released prior to this date doesn't support Anypoint Controller.
```
